Docs pm 2.9 dh (#143)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/inbound-message-routing.adoc

> == Inbound Message Routing

Reviewer: The peer topic (outbound) is at Level 1
```suggestion
= Inbound Message Routing
```

> To ensure successful routing when your partners send messages to the configured source endpoints, ensure that they use the appropriate message ID or file naming pattern, especially for non-EDI messages.

Reviewer: Clarify to what "they" refers: your partners, their messages, or the endpoints.
```suggestion
Successful routing of your partners send messages to the configured source endpoints requires that those messages use the appropriate message ID or file-naming pattern, especially for non-EDI messages.
```

The following table describes the requirements for successful inbound message routing:

|===
|Protocol | Requirements for Successful Inbound Message Routing
|HTTP or HTTPS
a|

> * The message posted to the endpoint has the appropriate Content-Type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The message posted to the endpoint has the appropriate content type.
```

* If the source message type is X12 or EDIFACT, the message is posted to the base URL.
* If the source message type is XML or JSON, the message is sent to the endpoint’s `{baseURL}/{message-type}`.
|AS2
a|
* The message posted to the endpoint has the appropriate AS2 MIME type.
* If the source message type is XML or JSON, the file name begins with `{message-type-identifier}_`.
| FTP or SFTP
a|

> * If configured to support the JSON or XML message format, the filename begins with `{message-type-identifier}_`.

Reviewer: file name vs. filename

> * If configured to support the JSON or XML message format, the filename begins with `{message-type-identifier}_`.

Reviewer: file name vs. filename

= Inbound Message Routing

Depending on the endpoint type and protocol, the successful routing of your partners send messages to the configured source endpoints uses the message type ID, file-naming pattern, and content type.

== Messages that Use an AS2 Receive from Partners Endpoint

To successfully route inbound messages that use an AS2 receive from partners endpoint, your partner does the following:

* Uses a filename that begins with `{message-type-id}_`.
+
For example, if the message type is named `custom-po`, the file name should begin with `custom-po_`.
+
* Sets the AS2 MIME-Type in the inbound AS2 message as follows, depending on the message type:

** JSON: `application/json`
** XML: `application/xml`
** EDIFACT: `application/EDIFACT`, or `text/plain`
** X12: `application/EDI-X12`, or `text/plain`

== Messages that Use an FTP or SFTP Endpoint

To successfully route inbound messages that use an FTP or SFTP endpoint, your partner does the following:

* For EDI messages (Edifact or X12), uses the correct EDI identifiers in the message content.

> * For non-EDI (JSON or XML) messages, uses a filename that begins with `{message-type-id}_`.

Reviewer 2: For non-EDI (JSON or XML) messages, uses a filename that begins with `{message-type-id}_`, and have appropriate file extensions of the format - .xml for XML files and .json for JSON files
